hey everybody today we're going to be
doing my swimsuit collection video
because I have been watching as so many
of these recently i love these videos i
I don't know I've been like really
obsessed with him recently um they're
just really getting me into sour and i
just love swimsuits and bikinis and
stuff like that so i decided to film my
own so I don't know if you really care
but I do keep all of my swimsuits in
this forever 21 bag I don't have too
many and they don't really fit in my
closet or my dresser even though I don't
have like that much so the first things
that I have here is this Victoria's
Secret bottom and yeah I so this is from
Victoria's Secret and I don't know this
is from pic I think this is just from
the Victoria's Secret line and it looks
like this it is so adorable I love it it
is just multicolored and it has these
like gold stripes in it if you guys can
tell and it's just so bright and fun
colorful and my favorite type of bathing
suit bottom is this one with the thick
bands they say this is good for people
who have like thick or nothing who have
why big hips and which I don't have
whatsoever I actually have a very narrow
body but um yeah they say that it's good
for people like that but I like to wear
them because i don't like string bikinis
that ones that tie because they fall off
really easily and I don't feel that
secure with them while with this it's
like very structured and sturdy and you
know it's gonna stay on the next bathing
suit in here is my black bandeau top and
this is from jcpenney I believe and it
is from the brand California waves and I
just wanted a random and on a random a
simple basic black bandeau to wear with
all different bikinis but this I don't
like because when you have it on and you
like go in the water and you like our
swimming and your swimming underwater or
something it like completely folds over
so like your whole entire like chest is
like exposed it's really annoying so I
might have to get a different band oh
because this one does not have a lot of
support and it doesn't sound very well
but it does have some ruching in the
middle and it just ties in the back
which I also don't like because I find
that
obnoxious next banks that I have is a
set which is also from jcpenney JC
penney has some really cute bikinis for
pretty cheap around this time of year so
i would definitely checking them out but
i guess so it is just this set and this
is just the bottoms for the top is
somewhere in there but it is just this
on bottom which for some reason whenever
I looked at this I just think this is
the pool in Arizona and I'm I I think
actually it is because it has the palm
trees and it has like the Grand Canyon
or some kind of Canyon in the back and
this is by the brand Arizona I don't
have the tag on it but this is by the
brand Arizona so I'm pretty sure this
like a pool in Arizona and my dad used
to live in arizona so this totally looks
like Arizona and I i don't know i just
love the things because i think it's
just so colorful and um I have something
about I really just I like the contrast
of the colors and then the top that goes
with it is just a banjo and I got this
set I usually don't like getting Matt
matching bikinis this one I do have just
because there's so much going on this
bikini that i just i don't think i could
find a one that i really like to pair it
with so it just has this bandeau top and
i like this because it is pretty
structured and it just ties on really
well and it stays on and it doesn't have
any pattern or anything it just has like
regular old pads here that don't push up
or anything and i like it because the
string all the way through also has a
design which i think is like a cute
touch so yeah i really love this bikini
okay so next up is another one of the
victorious do get bottoms and it is just
a hot pink one and this one never shows
up the right color on camera but it is
really just the hot pink it comes up
like really fuchsia purple e on camera
at least that's what it looks like in
the viewfinder but um I don't know I
mean it's never going to call up the
right color that's a little bit more
exact but it's basically just hot pink
and it's the same exact style and it
looks kind of cheeky when you're looking
at over that's a single but um it's
really not okay and then going along
with that the last one that is from that
style is this keal one which is that one
is coming off
the right color but yeah it is just this
bright bright teal okay next up is on
this bottom which is a try bully pink
design and on the back it's the same and
this is I cut the tag off and I'm trying
to remember where I got this but I
honestly have no clue I have no idea
where I got this next is my favorite
bikini top that I own and it is this one
from Victoria's Secret and I got this
from these 2014 swim catalogue and it is
just this ruffle design with sequin teal
on the front and then it has a lime
green trim and it clips in the back
which I really like because I like when
they clip because I think they stay on
better and I feel a lot more secure and
next I just have another staple and it
is just this black bikini bottom and
this is a string bikini even though i
said i don't like those this is a string
1 this is from pacsun and is from the
brand la hearts and yeah i just needed a
plain black bottom and this one is a
little bit small on me um but I I still
make it work so yeah next I just have
this which is a super padded top I'll
admit it's really padded and this one is
from target and it has a halter strap
and it is just this Q color and it has
this design here in a bow in the middle
and then it just clips in the back like
a bra and if you guys can see there is a
huge huge pads in here this one
definitely pushes your boobs up a lot
but it's not too bad next I just have
this one which is this white lacy bando
and this is from airy and the lace goes
all the way through and you tie this in
the back and this is really dirty like
if you guys can see this is really dirty
from the ocean and this is slightly
padded but not really but this actually
complements really well and it's one of
those like brawl
King strapless bathing suits and it does
come with a strap but I'd never put it
on and I love this one but I do need to
like bleach it or something because it
is like so brown if you guys but not
least is this bikini that i got from
tjmaxx last year or two years ago and
it's one of those ugly bikinis that
nobody really wears anymore but they
always put in these videos and this is
mine so it is just this string untied
but it is another string bikini I used
to be really into certain bikinis and
now I'm not anymore but it basically
just has this ruffle trim and then it's
a black and white checkered pattern and
like I said this was from tjmaxx minutes
from the US polo something brand and
yeah those are the bottoms regular old
bottoms and then this is the top and I'm
pretty sure this is like broken or
something but it is just a triangle
bikini and it's the one where you can
like move it with a string in the middle
and it just has striped strings and all
this is not broke actually no I thought
it was but it's not oh my god it's just
a triangle bikini and that is the logo
it kind of looks like polo ralph lauren
but it's not but it kind of looks like
it so that is all for my swimsuit
collection i hope you guys enjoyed this
video and i will see you guys in my next
one bye guys
you